Fireship PRO
learn web and mobile development with highly focused short videos
for both beginners and experienced software engineers.
Learning to code can open doors like no other skill can.
You might use it to build a billion dollar business,
land a six figure job without a degree,
or have fun understanding how our technology works under the hood.
I'm Jeff, and I have been a professional developer for over 10 years
and you probably already know me from Youtube.
I make my own brand of fast-paced content that distiles important concepts
into as few words as possible.
A 5 minute fireship video can cover as much
as an hour of content in most traditional courses.
Why do I teach this way?
Well, human beings learn to code by building projects and having fun doing it.
Kids don't learn to build legos by watching videos,
they learn through play,
and programming is no different.
Many beginners end up in a place called 'tutorial hell',
where you go from video to video but never really learn anything.
On Fireship, short videos are carefully produced
to infuse with the knowledge required to start experimenting and having fun with code.
As a pro member, you will have access to full courses which are a complete path to learning a new tech stack.
They are project based, and followed in a linear format.
Each video also contains some code and encourages you to build your own projects
side by side as we go through the course.
Courses start at easy and get increasingly difficult as you make progress.
In addition, members have access to pro lessons
which are very similar to my style on Youtube but much more advanced and specialized.
If you get stuck at any point, you can reach out on our slack community with over 10k members